{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green46\blue57;\red249\green250\blue251;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red70\green81\blue90;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;\red240\green240\blue240;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red70\green81\blue90;\red21\green163\blue221;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c18039\c23922\c28627;\cssrgb\c98039\c98431\c98824;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c34510\c39216\c42745;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c18824\c18824\c18824;\cssrgb\c95294\c95294\c95294;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c34510\c39216\c42745;\cssrgb\c784\c70196\c89412;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14160\viewh11060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa230\partightenfactor0

\fs72 \cf2 Definition
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Student provides a high-level overview of the project in layman\'92s terms. Background information such as the problem domain, the project origin, and related data sets or input data is given.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 Nicely explained. The explanation is clear and concise. We find that projects that take real-world problems that have been overlooked and address them turn out to be the most memorable and enjoyable projects. You have defined such a project.\
\
So we have:\
  * Background information such as the problem domain :white_check_mark:\
  * The project origin :white_check_mark:\
  * Related data sets or input data :white_check_mark:\
\
SCORE :white_check_mark: : 3 :x: : 0\
\
\
# Recommendation\
* While not required by the rubric explicitly it would be a great addition if you can do a literature survey when you introduce your problem.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 The problem which needs to be solved is clearly defined. A strategy for solving the problem, including discussion of the expected solution, has been made.\
\

\b0\fs28 You have met all the main points to check in this rubric. Well done!\
\
# Recommendations\
* You clearly define your target variable. \
* You identify what type of analysis this is. Is the target variable categorial or continuous?\
* You identify a few models that will satisfy the analysis and hence warrant further study.\
* You define the strategy that you will pursue and what is the ultimate goal of this project. \
\
\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\
\
I want to point out a few somethings:\
* You say `I may also need to do feature scaling if the data is not normally distributed.` Having normally distributed feature has nothing to do with feature scaling. You could have a feature that is normally distributed and that may still need feature scaling.\
* Selecting features and selecting models are not completely independent. You could have features that do well with some models and not others. So your ML  pipeline does not need to be strictly one step after the other. You *may* get better results if it is not.\
\
\
\'97\'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\fs35 \cf5 \cb6 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Definition: A computer program is said to learn from experience\'a0
\f1\fs31\fsmilli15750 \cf7 \cb8 \strokec7 E
\f0\fs35 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \'a0with respect to some class of tasks\'a0
\f1\fs31\fsmilli15750 \cf7 \cb8 \strokec7 T
\f0\fs35 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \'a0and performance measure\'a0
\f1\fs31\fsmilli15750 \cf7 \cb8 \strokec7 P
\f0\fs35 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 , if its performance at tasks in\'a0
\f1\fs31\fsmilli15750 \cf7 \cb8 \strokec7 T
\f0\fs35 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 , as measured by\'a0
\f1\fs31\fsmilli15750 \cf7 \cb8 \strokec7 P
\f0\fs35 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 , improves with experience\'a0
\f1\fs31\fsmilli15750 \cf7 \cb8 \strokec7 E
\f0\fs35 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 .
\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 Metrics used to measure performance of a model or result are clearly defined. Metrics are justified based on the characteristics of the problem.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 # Recommendations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 * Identify the metric that is best suited for this problem.\
* Defend your choice of the metric. \
* Share the definition of the metric like a formula and also any pitfalls to watch out for while using the metric.\
* Finally, include a link to a reputable webpage  (such as Wikipedia) that defines the metric in more details.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa230\partightenfactor0

\fs72 \cf2 Analysis
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 If a dataset is present, features and calculated statistics relevant to the problem have been reported and discussed, along with a sampling of the data. In lieu of a dataset, a thorough description of the input space or input data has been made. Abnormalities or characteristics about the data or input that need to be addressed have been identified.\
\
\

\b0\fs28 # Recommendations\
* At a very high-level talk about the dataset you have to give the reader an idea. \cf2 :white_check_mark:\cf4 \
* Include the description for each column and the type of data. \cf2 :white_check_mark:\cf4 \
* Include the # of rows in the table \cf2 :white_check_mark:\cf4 \
* Include if any rows has missing data. \cf2 :white_check_mark:\cf4 \
  * How many rows have missing data in any columns\
  * How many rows have missing data in all columns\
* Include descriptive statistics of the data (min, max, quartiles, mean, median)  :x:\
* Talk about any outliers in the data and what is the right strategy to deal with them. :x:\
\
\

\b\fs36 A visualization has been provided that summarizes or extracts a relevant characteristic or feature about the dataset or input data with thorough discussion. Visual cues are clearly defined.\
\
\

\b0\fs28 # Recommendations\
* Include a visualization that at a high level and very quickly gives the reader a good idea of the data. Usually, but not always, histograms and boxplots are the best options to choose.\
* The parameters for the plots are chosen well so that most relevant information is displayed.\
* The graphs are well marked with titles and labels on the axes.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf9 \cb10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf9 Algorithms and techniques used in the project are thoroughly discussed and properly justified based on the characteristics of the problem.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \
# Recommendations\
* Well done. When you describe the models it is essential that you describe the models in your own words. Also, you should:\
  * Talk why these models are well suited for this problem. Of course, sometimes that is hard to do.\
  * Link each model to a reputed webpage so that the reader can read up more about it if they want to.\
\
\
\

\b\fs36 Student clearly defines a benchmark result or threshold for comparing performances of solutions obtained.\

\b0\fs28 \
Yes. Using the performance of a naive algorithm on the same dataset is a valid benchmark to use. You can then show how your more advanced model is performing much better and hence is worth the extra time and cost.\

\b\fs36 \

\b0\fs28 # Recommendations\
* Benchmarks are good baselines for us to compare the performance of our model against.\
* Benchmarks should be easy to define, measure, should make sense and easy to compare against.\
* Usually a theoretical benchmark (such as the outcome of the experiment by chance) or output of a very simple model suffices as a good benchmark.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa230\partightenfactor0

\b\fs72 \cf2 Methodology
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 All preprocessing steps have been clearly documented. Abnormalities or characteristics about the data or input that needed to be addressed have been corrected. If no data preprocessing is necessary, it has been clearly justified.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf4 # Recommendations\
* You can describe the pipeline of the preprocessing steps.\
  * How to handle missing data: Data imputation or dropping rows.\
  * How to handle outliers: Define outliers and describe how to handle them\
  * Change non-numeric data to numeric data. Most sklearn algorithms need numeric data to work.\
  * Scale the data using either Normalizing or Min Max scaling.\
  \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 The process for which metrics, algorithms, and techniques were implemented with the given datasets or input data has been thoroughly documented. Complications that occurred during the coding process are discussed.
\fs28 \cb10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf11 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 # Required\
Finally, thanks for also talking about the complications you faced and how the process was little more difficult than you had expected. Please go into details of what these complications were and how you overcame them. The idea of a report like this to document for yourself and for people following you what/where the complications are how to avoid or get over them. That knowledge will be lost if you do not actually document them.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \
\
The process of improving upon the algorithms and techniques used is clearly documented. Both the initial and final solutions are reported, along with intermediate solutions, if necessary.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf4 # Recommendations\
* After selecting the initial algorithms you should try to refine the performance of the algorithms by one or more of the following techniques:\
   * Informed trial and error\
   * GridSearchCV\
   * PCA\
   * SelectKbest\
* The initial and the improved performance of your algorithms is shared after such refinements indicating the improvements seen.\
\
\
\

\b\fs36 The final model\'92s qualities \'97 such as parameters \'97 are evaluated in detail. Some type of analysis is used to validate the robustness of the model\'92s solution.\cf2 \
\
\

\b0\fs28 \cf4 # Recommendations\
* Once you have optimized your model, you should talk in some details about the parameters that you found for the optimized model \
* Also briefly explain what those parameters mean and what do they control.\
* The robustness of the model determines how sensitive the model is to changes in its input. We just need to calibrate it and have an idea about it.\'a0A few of the ways you can do this:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb10   * Run your model through\'a0KFold CV\'a0and show the different folds scores.\
  * Run your model multiple times each time with a  different random state and then calculate the mean / variance of the results.\
  * Run your model multiple times after making small changes in the dataset and then calculate the mean / variance of the results.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \
\

\b\fs36 The final results are compared to the benchmark result or threshold with some type of statistical analysis. Justification is made as to whether the final model and solution is significant enough to have adequately solved the problem.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 # Recommendations\
* In a tabular form compare your model to the benchmark on the metric you chose earlier in the study. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa230\partightenfactor0

\b\fs72 \cf2 Conclusion
\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 A visualization has been provided that emphasizes an important quality about the project with thorough discussion. Visual cues are clearly defined.
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \
\
\
# Recommendations\
* After you have the final result (i.e for the final model that you have trained) provide visualizations that emphasizes an important quality of the project. \
* These visualizations are distinct from the ones that you included at the beginning of the project in the Data Exploration stage.\
* For example you could mention the feature importances in your model: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://scikit-learn.org/stable/auto_examples/ensemble/plot_forest_importances.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf12 \cb13 http://scikit-learn.org/stable/auto_examples/ensemble/plot_forest_importances.html}}\cf11 \cb13 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 Student adequately summarizes the end-to-end problem solution and discusses one or two particular aspects of the project they found interesting or difficult.
\b0\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \
\
# Recommendations\
* This is nothing but a quick summary of all the steps you have a varied out for the project. \
* Here are some of the steps:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf14 \cb10 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Data preprocessing: Data cleaned, formatted, and restructured \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Change Categorical variables to Numeric: Using one-hot encoding or LabelEncoder \cf9 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf14 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Feature Scaling \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Data \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Shuffle and train/test set split (be sure that you DO NOT shuffle time series data)\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Predict the metric using the Benchmark model.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Predict the metric using a list of your models under consideration\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}Refine model to improve performance
\f2\fs26\fsmilli13333 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs28 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Compare model to benchmark\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf14 \
\
\
# Required\
* The idea of the project is that it is a learning exercise and you internalize all the learnings by actually writing about them :smile: In that spirit the project expects you to share `one or two particular aspects of the project they found interesting or difficult.` So please do that!\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb13 Discussion is made as to how one aspect of the implementation could be improved. Potential solutions resulting from these improvements are considered and compared/contrasted to the current solution.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf14 \cb10 \
\
#Recommendations\
* Given that there were no time and compute constraints what would you have done more or differently to make improvement in your capstone.\
\
\
\'97\'97\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 * GridSearch : Exhaustive search\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
* RandomizedSearchCV\'a0: Sampled search from a parameter space with a specified distribution. Which performs surprisingly well!\
\'a0* Beam search\'a0to find the most optimal parameters.\cf11 \cb13 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf14 \cb10 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf4 Optionally leave the student general words of encouragement, reply to comments in the student\'92s notes, etc.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf14 \
It looks you have done all the heavy lifting already. You just need to incorporate the changes you have made to meet the feedback in the previous review into your report. Also, make sure your figures are large and clear. Other than that I think you don't much left to do. Please do the necessary changes and resubmit. Your report is the sum total of your efforts in this ND which you can use to share with others. So put in some final efforts to make it more beautiful. I think it will help you tremendously in the future.\
\
\'97\'97\
\
Congratulations!  This was an awesome project. You have put in a lot of time and effort to build up this project and you deserve to be proud of your achievement. Well done!\
\
Please polish up your report taking into account the feedback you have received below. There are things that I wanted you to add /change in the report but did not think it was necessary to make you resubmit. These changes I think will make your report complete and ready to be shared with a wide audience.\
\
It was a great pleasure reading this report and I thank you for your effort in writing it and sharing this project with us. Good luck!\
\
}